Update ExternalDNS Operator Enhancement (#813)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/dns/externaldns-operator.md

  namespace: my-externaldns-namespace
spec:
  domains:
    - matchType: Exact
      name: my-cluster.my-domain.com
      filterType: Include
    - matchType: Exact
      name: apps.my-cluster.my-domain.com
      filterType: Exclude
  provider:
    type: AWS
    credentials: my-secret-reference
  source:
    type: OpenShiftRoute
    hostnameAnnotationPolicy: Allow

>     AnnotationFilter: some.annotation.io/foo=bar

Reviewer: Better to use a map:
```suggestion
    AnnotationFilter:
      "some.annotation.io/foo": bar
```
with this Go definition:
```go
    AnnotationFilter map[string]string `json:"annotationFilter,omitempty"`
```

Author: fixed.

By default, the operator would assume the cluster's platform is the desired DNS Provider. The operator would allow a user to specify
an alternative External DNS Provider, such as BlueCat DNS. The ExternalDNS operator would be able to create multiple ExternalDNS deployments
to run in concert, one for each ExternalDNS operator Custom Resource (similar to how the OpenShift [Ingress Operator](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-ingress-operator)

> consumes one or more Ingress Controller resources). The `domains` field would be used to filter source resources based on the source resources desired hostname.

Reviewer: Is the second "source resources" redundant, or is it supposed to be "source resources'" (possessive)?

Author: fixed.

The `domains` field should be expressive enough to allow a user to specify multiple sets of domains that are considered included or excluded.
In the ExternalDNS operator CR above, ExternalDNS is configured to create DNS records with hostnames that fit under `my-cluster.my-domain.com` that are not under

> `apps.my-cluster.my-domain.con`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`apps.my-cluster.my-domain.com`.
```

Author: fixed.

By default, ExternalDNS would create DNS records for all instances of the given Source resource. A union type would be defined to allow for

> source-specific parameters. For the example ExternalDNS CR above, the ExternalDNS operator would create DNS records for Route resources that have the annotation
> `some.annotation.io/foo=bar`, and would ignore the ExternalDNS custom Hostname Annotation (see [Implementation Details](#implementation-details) for more details about ExternalDNS
> annotations).

Reviewer: The example has `hostnameAnnotationPolicy: Allow`; doesn't that mean the annotation would *not* be ignored?
```suggestion
source-specific parameters. For the example ExternalDNS CR above, the ExternalDNS operator would configure ExternalDNS to create DNS records for Route resources that have the annotation
`some.annotation.io/foo=bar`, and would allow the ExternalDNS custom Hostname Annotation to be used to specify a custom hostname (see [Implementation Details](#implementation-details) for more details about ExternalDNS
annotations).
```

Author: whoops! fixed. thanks!

> Note that only one Source resource can be specified for each ExternalDNS operator CRD. This is to highlight the fact that a single ExternalDNS instance cannot manage more than one
> source resource, which means that one ExternalDNS deployment is required for each source resource. See [Upstream Issue 1961](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/issues/1961)
> to better understand the inconvenient instance sprawl resultant of the design of ExternalDNS.

Reviewer: "CRD" → "CR" (or "CRD instance").  Maybe we should shorten the last sentence.  * grin *.
```suggestion
Note that only one Source resource can be specified for each ExternalDNS operator CR. This is to highlight the fact that a single ExternalDNS instance cannot manage more than one
source resource, which means that one ExternalDNS deployment is required for each source resource. See [Upstream Issue 1961](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/issues/1961)
to better understand this design limitation of ExternalDNS.
```

Author: fixed and fixed.
